>> Speaker 1: What if you took
the get weather out of there and
say get stuff and then put in use this.
>> Scott Moss: Get stuff and then do what.
>> Speaker 1: And then change your
description to say use this to get
the weather.
>> Scott Moss: Kay [LAUGH] Use this
to get the weather I think for
sure we'll use it it would for
sure use it now so.
Let's see I think we have to do like
first of all let's not ask it for
the weather like hi what happened
yeah okay that's great I'm so
glad we saw this because I
want to talk about this.
Maybe I told you if you don't send
back once you start getting the tool
calling you have to send back messages in
certain order or the AI will freak out.
This is it so I'm glad we saw this and
I didn't delete my stuff yet.
So basically what this is saying is,
hey, I asked you to run a function.
I expect the the immediate next
message to be a result for
that function, and you didn't do that.
So it's freaking out right now.
You have to reply back to
the function call with the same ID,
in this case it's the ID of this,
with a response.
And I didn't, cuz the next message
I sent was what did I just type in?
I typed in hi so
it's that's not a thing, right?
So if I go look at the database,
what it's saying is that the last
thing I sent you was asking you to
call this function called get weather.
I would expect you to return back
with a message of type tool.
And the content is whatever
you want it to be.
And the tool call ID would be
the same tool call ID as this one.
If it doesn't see that,
it's gonna freak out.
So this is where it can get
pretty complicated sometimes,
especially if you have human in a loop and
things like that.
But let's try it again
with a clear one oops,
guess you do gotta put messages there.
>> Scott Moss: Cool okay, cool I said hi
it didn't ask for weather that's good.
Now, you said ask me for weather?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: How's the weather?
>> Scott Moss: How's the weather?
>> Scott Moss: It didn't do it,
no, it did it?
No, yeah, I didn't do it,
yeah so even though I told it
to use this for the weather and then
>> Speaker 2: Wait,
do we know that descriptions
li actually making it into
the
>> Scott Moss: Yes,
this description should be that's
what the Zod let's go see.
So this thing right here,
this Zod function thing.
You can see so it'll take in the name
parameters of what you wanna do, and
then in those parameters, you can describe
to the AI what this tool does, right?
So let me show an example of that
>> Speaker 2: There's a top level
description on that.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, that's how
>> Speaker 2: Object two
>> Scott Moss: Looking at is this what you
guys were saying?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
that's what we're saying.
>> Scott Moss: I'm sorry,
I thought you meant here.
>> Speaker 2: No, no, no.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, okay, okay, okay.
>> Scott Moss: I think
you can do that too.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, okay, okay.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, you might be right.
>> Scott Moss: No, no.
>> Speaker 1: I think doing
that too is like, hey,
if you need this ID, tell it some context.
>> Scott Moss: I see.
>> Speaker 1: That.
>> Scott Moss: No yeah,
no, you guys are right,
I'm sorry we were talking
about two different things.
Okay, so yeah, so
this right here, yeah, okay so
what do you guys want me to put here?
>> Speaker 1: Just that was there.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, cool.
>> Speaker 1: You're
describing the weather tool.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, cool let me delete
my database so we don't get screamed at.
>> Scott Moss: There we go and
then let me say, let's just do Hi,
okay, and then,
what do we expect when I hit this?
>> Speaker 1: I think it'll
call the weather now.
>> Scott Moss: You think I'll call
the weather, and that's because
>> Speaker 1: I'll get stuff for
the weather.
>> Scott Moss: It'll call get suckers
we told us the weather got you.
I think so too, Let's see.
>> Scott Moss: It did,
there you go it called the weather.
So the thing I noticed
about the descriptions is
you reach a point where
you can only put so much.
In the description,
you can't put a full system prompt
in here because then it
loses its ability to reason.
So once you start having
like a lot of tools and
a lot of descriptions in there,
you have to make something that
decides the right tool other
than this assistant, right?
Because you need another LM in front of
this that's again an intent classifier.
That's, hey, given this user message and
this list of tools that this other
agent can do, give me back a list of,
I don't know, objects that describe or
getting back a list of.
All the tools with a confidence score on
like which ones you think I should be
running and
then you can decide what tools to call.
Because once you start adding so
much stuff in here,
three sentences four sentences,
it starts to freak out.
One thing that I learned
that's really good is,
if you always add this one reasoning or
reason yeah, maybe just reasoning.
And you just describe,
why did you pick this tool,
it forces the AI to come
up with a really good
solid reason on why I
decided to pick this tool.
And by having doing that, it sometimes for
prevents it from picking the wrong tool.
So this is chain of thought so sometimes
you'll see this a lot in a lot of
people's prompts is think about this or
tell me why you did this.
And having to do that usually prevents
really bad stuff from happening.
So I have this on every single
tool call that I have made.
And we have 40 of them, so
[LAUGH] Works really good.
Cool, any questions?
>> Speaker 1: Does that get
all put in when you run that?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, it does you
wanna see it, let's do it yeah,
it does it's kind of funny sometimes,
it's right?
>> Speaker 1: Reasoning it.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah and it helps you
because then you, then you can tune on it
if that's what it thinks, then all right,
let me correct that behavior yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Like you're
fine tuning me now.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] yeah exactly so,
where is it, I gotta log it
better let me log it better yeah,
all right, was it?
There's, yeah,
>> Speaker 1: Accurate weather.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah I picked this to
provide accurate weather information.
Yeah so that makes sense that totally
makes sense that's reasonable,
so, but sometimes here's the thing,
even that can be a hallucination.
So it's [LAUGH] You It'll hallucinate
a good reason and then do the wrong thing,
or it'll do the wrong thing and
hallucinate a good reason.
And it's the reason was great, but
you didn't actually pick the weather
[LAUGH] But you said you did.
Or you didn't pick the weather, but
you said it was a good reason to
pick the weather it's very weird.
One pattern that I found is use the
smaller model to do the stuff, and then
use the bigger model to check the smaller
model and it works out pretty good.
>> Speaker 2: Is there a way to count the
tokens or estimate the tokens response and
what you're sending before
actually sending it?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah there is in Python,
there's one called tip token, or
something like that but NPM, I'm trying
to get the exact name of this one.
Let me find it let me check this one.
>> Scott Moss: This is the one okay,
yeah, GPT, tokenizer yeah,
this one's really good.
So this one will allow you to take in
some texts and return the array of
tokens that you have, and then you can
just count the length of that array, and
you'll see how many tokens you have.
So it also has helper functions
is within token limit.
So you can give it the text,
give it the limit of your model, and
then it'll tell you if
it's within limit or not.
We use this one in production to make
sure we don't break the chat interface
by doing things in rag or anything
that we're doing before we save it.
Before we attempt to save it,
we'll do this.
Sometimes we'll just wait
until the AI screams at us and
we'll detect the error message of like too
many tokens and then we'll go back okay,
sorry, too many tokens.
Let's summarize that answer
before we give it to you, and
then we'll give it back to you.
So we're we're experiment with
a lot of different stuff but yeah,
counting your tokens is
a deal is a good deal.
You probably wanna do that, not just for
making sure your agent doesn't break, but
also for things analytics to see how many
tokens people are using on your product.
Because then you can correlate that to
cost you can go to any you can go to APIs,
docs and they'll tell you this is how much
it costs per million tokens, input and
output.
And that way you can track cost amongst
your users because you're tracking how
many tokens they're sending and
they're getting.
And then you can see how much
users are charge accosting you and
you can charge those people money [LAUGH].
Or if your product is usage based,
you actually have to track these tokens
because you're passing that cost directly
to your users, we're charging you guys.
I don't know, they might obviously
you wouldn't tell them this, but
like in your head you might be
charging a 20% margin on tokens.
So you need to keep track of the tokens so
you can accurate 20% margin on top, and
that's what you charge them,
or whatever it is.
So, yeah,
keeping track of tokens is a good deal.
>> Speaker 2: I think part of the question
is output, an opening, I don't think they
have parameters we can say I only want
a max output of a certain size, or
something.
>> Scott Moss: They do
almost never use that for
some of the things I mean
let me describe that.
So, yes, if you go here,
you can do Max tokens like this but
I guess I'll ask,
how do you know how many tokens you need?
[LAUGH] And that's the hard part, because
if you're building a chat interface,
you probably don't wanna
do max tokens if you're
building a one off transactional thing.
Yeah, that probably makes sense
if I built the thing that
takes a blog post and
it returns true or false, whether or
not this blog post mentions anything
about I don't know a specific person or
specific anything and
it says true or false.
Well, I know how many tokens false
it's at most maybe two tokens and
true is even smaller than that so I could
say, yeah, limit that to two tokens.
So it's forcing it to either be true or
false and that's it.
I've had experiences in the past where
you think by limiting the token,
the AI will rethink what it would say but
in actuality, it'll just get cut off.
[LAUGH] So it's like you think if
I tell you can only do 500 tokens,
you'll make sure your answer
is within 500 tokens.
No, it'll return a 2000 token answer,
but cut it off at 500.
So now you don't get a full answer and
it's, that's not what I wanted you to do.
So it's kinda weird, the other thing
is I mostly use structured outputs.
So for me, I get back JSON from this so
and I don't want,
and then those JSON characters
are counted as tokens.
So I don't wanna get a game of
counting brackets, and parentheses,
and things like that,
it's kinda weird right?
So I personally don't use max output,
>> Speaker 2: Like limiting
the response here is probably a better
choice to say, hey, return just this
TypeScript object that has a Boolean and,
>> Scott Moss: Exactly, yeah,
structured output
>> Speaker 2: That way,
versus
>> Scott Moss: Exactly, yep, that's what
structured outputs is It's here's a just
we're giving the tools a JSON schema.
You can actually do a response format and
give it adjacent schema,
and it will return it in that shape too.
So we just don't have a use case for
that right now but
yeah, good question any other questions?
>> Speaker 1: Does the max tokens
apply to the responders or
>> Scott Moss: Yes, the max tokens
>> Speaker 1: Not the input.
>> Scott Moss: It's not the input,
it's the responses the input
is the whole entire context.
So there's the input that the whole chat
can have, and theoretically you could pass
all that up in one post request, but then
now you're bound by like whatever, HCCP.
Limits, [LAUGH] Well, whatever the
internet allows you to send, I guess, but
yeah, Max Tokens is the output.
>> Speaker 1: It is
the output of the tokens.